---
title: Moving water together
date: 2021-02-18 01:58:13 +0000
related_posts: []
sub_heading: outlining ECWO's aporoach to hands-on water project planning
banner_image: "/uploads/2021/02/18/140073105_102291501861994_7622484217930198046_n.jpg"
tags:
- Partnerships
layout: post

---
The gathering and dissemination of knowledge without political influence or derision.

We proudly work toward the preservation of biodiversity and the protection of natural land qualities.  This Earth is a special place and we can only share it, lifestyle choices do have a global effect.  

Biomimetics in design approaches invite us to look carefully and thoughtfully into the many subtle and not-so-subtle aspects.  

**ETHICAL COMMITMENT**

We draw wisdom from the Hippocratic Oath followed by physicians.

> I will not be ashamed to say "I know not", nor will I fail to call in my colleagues when the skills of another are needed for a patient's recovery.
>
> I will respect the privacy of my patients, for their problems are not disclosed to me that the world may know. Most especially must I tread with care in matters of life and death.
>
> I will remember that I do not treat a fever chart, a cancerous growth, but a sick human being, whose illness may affect the person's family and economic stability. My responsibility includes these related problems, if I am to care adequately for the sick.
>
> I will prevent disease whenever I can, for prevention is preferable to cure.
>
> I will remember that I remain a member of society, with special obligations to all my fellow human beings, those sound of mind and body as well as the infirm.
>
> May I always act so as to preserve the finest traditions of my calling and may I long experience the joy of healing those who seek my help.